# Data privacy statement

We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise. Data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of the Microvista GmbH. The use of the Internet pages of the Microvista GmbH is possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject. The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e‑mail address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the Microvista GmbH. By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled. As the controller, the Microvista GmbH has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by telephone.

## **1\. Definitions**

The data protection declaration of the Microvista GmbH is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used. In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:

### a) Personal data

Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

### b) Person concerned

Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.

### c) Processing

Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.

### d) Restriction of processing

Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.

### e) Profiling

Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.

### f) Pseudonymization

Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.

### g) Controller or person responsible for processing

Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.

### h) Processor

Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.

### i) Recipient

Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.

### j) Third party

Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.

### k) Consent

Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject’s wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.

## **2\. Name and address of the controller**

Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is: Microvista GmbH, Am Mönchenfelde 12, 38889 Blankenburg, Germany, Phone: +49 3944 950–50, Email: info@microvista.de, Website: https://www.microvista.de

## **3\. Cookies**

The Internet pages of the Microvista GmbH use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser. Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which Internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the dats subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific Internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID. Through the use of cookies, the Microvista GmbH can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting. By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. The website user that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user’s computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop. The online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie. The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.

### a) Cookies through social media plugins

Auf unserer Webseite werden Verlinkungen zu unseren Social Media Seiten bereitgestellt (YouTube, LinkedIn, Xing, Facebook, Instagram), was durch die Einbettung eines Social Media Plugins geschieht („soziale Netzwerk-Icons des Pagebuilders Elementor“). Dadurch können Cookies über viele Webseiten hinweg verwendet werden und Informationen über Ihre Online-Aktivitäten sammeln. Diese Cookies werden durch Drittanbieter wie Werbe- oder Analyseunternehmen (soziale Netzwerke) gesetzt.

## **4\. Collection of general data and information**

The website of the Microvista GmbH collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems. When using these general data and information, the Microvista GmbH does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. Therefore, the Microvista GmbH analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.

## **5\. Contact possibility via the website**

The website of the Microvista GmbH contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e‑mail address). If a data subject contacts the controller by e‑mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.

## **6\. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data**

The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to. If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.

## **7\. Rights of the data subject**

### a) Right to confirmation

Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

### b) Right to information

Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:

-   the purposes of the processing;
-   the categories of personal data concerned;
-   the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
-   where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
-   the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;
-   the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
-   where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
-   the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.

Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

### c) Right of rectification

Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement. If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.

### d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)

Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:

-   The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
-   The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
-   The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
-   The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
-   The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
-   The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.

If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by the Microvista GmbH, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the Microvista GmbH or another employee shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately. Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. The Data Protection Officer of the Microvista GmbH or another employee will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.

### e) Right to restrict processing

Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:

-   The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
-   The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
-   The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
-   The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.

If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by the Microvista GmbH, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the Microvista GmbH or another employee will arrange the restriction of the processing.

### f) Right to data portability

Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller. Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact the Data Protection Officer designated by the Microvista GmbH or another employee.

### g) Right to object

Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions. The Microvista GmbH shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. If the Microvista GmbH processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to the Microvista GmbH to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the Microvista GmbH will no longer process the personal data for these purposes. In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by the Microvista GmbH for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest. In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may directly contact the Data Protection Officer of the Microvista GmbH or another employee. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.

### h) Automated decisions in individual cases including profiling

Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject’s explicit consent. If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject’s explicit consent, the Microvista GmbH shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision. If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the Microvista GmbH or another employee of the controller. i) Right to revoke consent under data protection law Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time. If the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the Microvista GmbH or another employee of the controller.

## **8\. Data protection for applications and the application procedures**

The data controller shall collect and process the personal data of applicants for the purpose of the processing of the application procedure. The processing may also be carried out electronically. This is the case, in particular, if an applicant submits corresponding application documents by e‑mail or by means of a web form on the website to the controller. If the data controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the submitted data will be stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with legal requirements. If no employment contract is concluded with the applicant by the controller, the application documents shall be automatically erased two months after notification of the refusal decision, provided that no other legitimate interests of the controller are opposed to the erasure. Other legitimate interest in this relation is, e.g. a burden of proof in a procedure under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG).

## **9\. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Analytics (with anonymization function)**

On this website, the controller has integrated the component of Google Analytics (with the anonymizer function). Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behavior of visitors to websites. A web analysis service collects, inter alia, data about the website from which a person has come (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages were visited, or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed. Web analytics are mainly used for the optimization of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising. The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043–1351, United States. For the web analytics through Google Analytics the controller uses the application “\_gat. \_anonymizeIp”. By means of this application the IP address of the Internet connection of the data subject is abridged by Google and anonymised when accessing our websites from a Member State of the European Union or another Contracting State to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyze the traffic on our website. Google uses the collected data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other services concerning the use of our Internet site for us. Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyze the use of our website. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and into which a Google Analytics component was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through the Google Analytics component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Google. During the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Google, inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements. The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits of our website by the data subject. With each visit to our Internet site, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties. The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google Analytics from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs. In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data that are generated by Google Analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google and the chance to preclude any such. For this purpose, the data subject must download a browser add-on under the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install it. This browser add-on tells Google Analytics through a JavaScript, that any data and information about the visits of Internet pages may not be transmitted to Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by Google. If the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable Google Analytics. If the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons. Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and under http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html. Google Analytics is further explained under the following Link https://www.google.com/analytics/. genauer erläutert.

## **10\. Privacy policy on the deployment and use of Google Ads**

The data controller has integrated Google Ads on this website. Google Ads is an internet advertising service that allows advertisers to display ads in Google’s search engine results as well as in the Google advertising network. Google Ads allows an advertiser to predefine keywords that will cause an ad to appear in Google’s search engine results only when the user uses the search engine to retrieve a keyword relevant search result. In the Google advertising network, the ads are distributed to topic-related websites by means of an automatic algorithm and in accordance with the previously defined keywords. The operating company of the Google Ads services is Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043–1351, USA. The purpose of Google Ads is to advertise our website by displaying interest-relevant advertising on the websites of third-party companies and in the search engine results of the Google search engine, and by displaying third-party advertising on our website. If a person concerned visits our website via a Google ad, a so-called conversion cookie is stored on the information technology system of the person concerned by Google. What cookies are has already been explained above. A conversion cookie loses its validity after thirty days and does not serve to identify the data subject. If the cookie has not expired, the conversion cookie is used to determine whether certain sub-pages, for example the shopping basket from an online shop system, have been called up on our website. The conversion cookie enables both we and Google to track whether a person who has reached our website via an AdWords ad has generated sales, i.e. whether he or she has completed or cancelled a purchase. The data and information collected through the use of the conversion cookie is used by Google to generate visit statistics for our website. These visit statistics are in turn used by us to determine the total number of users who were referred to us via AdWords ads, i.e. to determine the success or failure of the respective AdWords ad and to optimize our AdWords ads for the future. Neither our company nor other advertising customers of Google Ads receive information from Google that could be used to identify the person concerned. Personal information, for example the Internet pages visited by the person concerned, is stored by means of the conversion cookie. Each time our website is visited, personal data, including the IP address of the Internet connection used by the person concerned, is transmitted to Google in the United States of America. This personal data is stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass on this personal data collected by the technical process to third parties. The person concerned can prevent the setting of cookies by our website, as described above, at any time by means of a corresponding setting in the Internet browser used and thus permanently object to the setting of cookies. Such a setting of the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from setting a conversion cookie on the information technology system of the person concerned. In addition, a cookie already set by Google AdWords can be deleted at any time via the Internet browser or other software programs. Furthermore, the person concerned has the opportunity to object to interest-based advertising by Google. To do so, the person concerned must access www.google.de/settings/ads from each of the Internet browsers he or she uses and make the desired settings there. More information and Google’s applicable privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/.

## **11\. Use of Google Remarketing**

We also use the remarketing function of Google. This allows us to serve you personalized advertising in appropriate ad spaces on other websites based on the interests you have shown on our website. This possibility is limited to a maximum of 18 months. You can find further information on this here: Google’s Data Privacy Statement.You can prevent interest-based advertising through the use of this browser plugin (installation).

## **12\. Use of the Facebook Pixel (Facebook Custom Audiences):**

Furthermore, we use the so-called „Facebook Pixel“ of Facebook Inc. („Facebook“) on our website. This enables interest-based advertisements („Facebook ads“) to be displayed to users of our website when they visit the Facebook social network or other websites that also use this method. Through the Facebook pixel, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection with the Facebook server. We have no influence on the scope and further use of the data collected by Facebook through the use of this tool and therefore inform you according to our state of knowledge: Through the integration of the Facebook pixel, Facebook receives the information that you have clicked on an ad from us or called up the corresponding website of our Internet presence. If you are registered with a Facebook service, Facebook can assign the visit to your account. Even if you are not registered with Facebook or have not logged in, it is possible that the provider will learn and store your IP address and other identifiers. With the use of the Facebook pixel, we pursue the purpose of displaying Facebook ads placed by us only to those Facebook users who have also shown an interest in our internet offering. With the help of the Facebook pixel, we would like to ensure that our Facebook ads correspond to the potential interest of the users and do not have a spamming effect. Furthermore, with the help of the Facebook pixel, we can track the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical purposes by seeing whether users were redirected to our website after clicking on a Facebook ad. The legal basis for the use of the Facebook pixel is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Information of the third party provider: Facebook Inc., 1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304, USA; http://www.facebook.com/policy.php; weitere Informationen zur Datenerhebung: http://www.facebook.com/help/186325668085084, http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info-on-other#applications sowie http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info#everyoneinfo.

## **13\. etracker**

The provider of this website uses services of etracker GmbH from Hamburg, Germany (www.etracker.com) to analyse usage data. We do not use cookies for web analysis by default. Insofar as we use analysis and optimisation cookies, we obtain your explicit consent separately in advance. If this is the case and you consent, cookies will be used to enable a statistical coverage analysis of this website, a measurement of the success of our online marketing measures as well as test procedures, e.g. to test and optimise different versions of our online offer or its components. Cookies are small text files that are stored by the Internet browser on the user’s terminal device. etracker cookies do not contain any information that enables the identification of a user. The data generated by etracker is processed and stored by etracker on behalf of the provider of this website exclusively in Germany and is therefore subject to the strict German and European data protection laws and standards. etracker has been independently audited and certified in this regard and awarded the ePrivacyseal data protection seal of approval. Data processing is carried out on the basis of the legal provisions of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f (legitimate interest) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our concern in terms of the GDPR (legitimate interest) is the optimisation of our online offer and our web presence. Since the privacy of our visitors is important to us, data that may allow a reference to an individual person, such as the IP address, login or device identifiers, are anonymised or pseudonymised as soon as possible. No other use is made of this data, nor is it merged with other data or passed on to third parties. You can object to the aforementioned data processing at any time by clicking on the slider. The objection has no adverse consequences.If no slider is displayed, the data collection is already prevented by other blocking measures.

You can find further information on data protection at etracker [here](https://www.etracker.com/datenschutz/).

## **14.Use of Microsoft Clarity and Microsoft Advertising**

We use Microsoft Clarity on our website, a web analytics service provided by Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA („Microsoft“). Clarity uses cookies and similar technologies to analyze user behavior on our website — including clicks, mouse movements, scrolling behavior, and interactions with content. This information helps us improve the usability of our website.

In addition, we use Microsoft Advertising, a service for displaying and measuring the success of online advertising. For example, it records which advertisement or campaign brought you to our website (so-called conversion tracking). Based on this data, Microsoft may also create pseudonymized user profiles in order to show you interest-based ads on Microsoft partner websites (so-called remarketing).

The collection and processing of personal data by Clarity and Microsoft Advertising only takes place with your explicit consent in accordance with Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and Section 25(1) TTDSG (for the use of cookies and similar technologies). Without your consent, no analysis or advertising tracking will take place.

Microsoft may transfer data to the USA in the course of providing these services. Microsoft is certified under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which ensures an adequate level of data protection according to the European Commission. In addition, Microsoft relies on Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) in accordance with Art. 46 GDPR to ensure the protection of your data when transferred to third countries.

For more information about how Microsoft processes your data, please visit:

[https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement)

You may revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future via our cookie banner or the cookie settings on our website.

## **15\. Legal basis of the processing**

Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR.
Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).

## **16\. Legitimate interests in the processing pursued by the controller or a third party**

Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.

## **17\. The duration for which the personal data are stored**

The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.

## **18\. Legal or contractual provisions making the personal data available; necessity for the conclusion of the contract; obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of nonprovision**

We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner).
Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded.
Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact our Data Protection Officer. Our Data Protection Officer clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.

## **19\. The existence of automated decision making**

As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.

## **20\. Subscription to our newsletter**

On the Microvista GmbH website, users are given the opportunity to subscribe to our company newsletter. The input mask used for this purpose indicates which personal data is transferred to the person responsible for processing when ordering the newsletter.

Microvista GmbH informs its customers and business partners at regular intervals by means of a newsletter about company offers. The newsletter of our company can basically only be received by the person concerned if (1) the person concerned has a valid e‑mail address and (2) the person concerned registers for the newsletter mailing. For legal reasons, a confirmation e‑mail will be sent to the e‑mail address first registered by a data subject for newsletter dispatch using the double opt-in procedure. This confirmation e‑mail is used to check whether the owner of the e‑mail address, as the data subject, has authorized the receipt of the newsletter.

When registering for the newsletter, we also save the IP address assigned by the Internet Service Provider (ISP) of the computer system used by the person concerned at the time of registration, as well as the date and time of registration. The collection of this data is necessary in order to be able to trace the (possible) misuse of the e‑mail address of a data subject at a later date and therefore serves to provide legal protection for the person responsible for processing.

The personal data collected during registration for the newsletter is used exclusively for sending our newsletter. In addition, subscribers to the newsletter could be informed by e‑mail if this is necessary for the operation of the newsletter service or for registration, as could be the case if there are changes to the newsletter offer or if technical conditions change. The personal data collected within the scope of the newsletter service will not be passed on to third parties. The subscription to our newsletter can be cancelled by the person concerned at any time. The consent to the storage of personal data, which the person concerned has given us for the newsletter service, can be revoked at any time. For the purpose of revoking this consent, a corresponding link can be found in every newsletter. It is also possible to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time directly on the website of the data controller or to inform the data controller in another way.

## **21\. Newsletter tracking**

The newsletters of Microvista GmbH contain so-called counting pixels. A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic embedded in e‑mails sent in HTML format to enable log file recording and log file analysis. This enables a statistical evaluation of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns. Using the embedded pixel-code, Microvista GmbH can identify whether and when an e‑mail was opened by a person concerned and which links contained in the e‑mail were called up by the person concerned.

Such personal data collected via the tracking pixels contained in the newsletters are stored and evaluated by the data controller in order to optimise the newsletter dispatch and to adapt the content of future newsletters even better to the interests of the data subject. This personal data is not passed on to third parties. Data subjects are entitled at any time to revoke the separate declaration of consent given in this regard via the double opt-in procedure. After revocation, these personal data will be deleted by the data controller. Microvista GmbH automatically interprets a cancellation of receipt of the newsletter as a revocation.

This Privacy Policy has been generated by the Privacy Policy Generator of the External Data Protection Officers that was developed in cooperation with the Media Law Lawyers from WBS-LAW.

If you have any questions about our privacy policy or the data we store, please contact us at the following e‑mail address [dsb@microvista.de](mailto:dsb@microvista.de).

## **Data Protection Officer:**

IZAG gGmbH
Dipl. Ing. Ralph Angerstein
Schleinitzstr. 7
38889 Blankenburg (Harz)

Email: [dsb@microvista.de](mailto:dsb@microvista.de)
Phone: +49 3917 2757277
